How can we determine the specific size of a particular data type?
How do we put the header files of other modules or libraries into the source file of the program ?
How do we approach data fields of the composite data type (struct) in C?
Describe how the function int doit(int r) is called and how are the data passed to it.
How do you dynamically allocate memory for storing a sequence of 20 values of the data type int?
How do you increase a dynamic array to save ten more items?
What is the NULL identifier?
How are text strings represented in C?
What represents the void type?
Explain the difference between the variable and the pointer to a variable.
What are the characters used in C for output control?
How is the process of running a program implemented in C language (under a full operating system)?
How to get a pointer to a variable defined as double d = 12.3;
How is the pointer and array [] different ?
What is the difference between a pointer to a constant and a constant pointer?
Define a variable length array s of the size n, which is provided as a command line argument.
Describe briefly the struct type used in C.
What C compilers do you know?
Describe the process of creating an executable program from C source files.
Explain the difference between the variable and the pointer to a variable?
Does const in the variable definition guarantee that it cannot change?
For what is the keyword 'do' used? Make a short example.
For what is the keyword 'while' used? Make a short example.
For what is the keyword 'for' used? Make a short example.
For what is the keyword 'if' used? Make a short example.
For what is the keyword 'case' used? Make a short example.
For what is the keyword 'switch' used? Make a short example.
For what is the keyword 'break' used? Make a short example.
How do you create a pointer to a variable, such as int?
What is the program return value that indicates a successful execution and why?
How do you dynamically allocate memory in C language?
How do you release dynamically allocated memory in C language?
Define the diagonal (unit) matrix 3×3 as a 2D int array.
What is the difference between a thread and a process? 
What is a critical section? 
